---
layout: page
title: About
---

Grimoire was hacked in 24hrs by [Reid McKenzie](http://arrdem.com/)
and [César Bolaños](https://github.com/cesarbp), and serves to provide
web documentation of the [Clojure](http://clojure.org/) language with
community contributed commentary and examples.

Since then, Grimoire has continued to evolve and now features examples
sourced from [ClojureDocs](http://clojuredocs.org) as well as user
submitted content.

Grimoire version `0.3.0` was made possible by
[Robert Stuttaford](https://github.com/robert-stuttaford), who helped
port Grimoire from the original Jekyll static site to a real Clojure
webapp and for whose assistance we are immensely grateful.

Check out the github repository linked in the sidebar for more
information as well as the state of the project and work in progress
changes.

Grimoire, while free to you, isn't free to operate. At present,
running Grimoire costs about $10 a month to keep online and gets much
more than that in ongoing development time. As I'm still in school, if
you find yourself using Grimoire routinely I'd ask that you
[support the project](https://www.gittip.com/arrdem) by helping me
cover the hosting and coffee costs of keeping it online and useful.

## Legal

Clojure, including source code and official documentation are &copy;
Rich Hickey, used under the Eclipse Public License 1.0

Grimoire itself is &copy; Reid Mckenzie 2014. All rights reserved.

This claim covers all parts of the Grimoire project not reproduced
from the Clojure source code or other copyrighted artifacts &
resources. This includes unofficial documentation, commentary and
examples contributed to or authored for the Grimoire project by users
and by myself. Contributors release examples, commentary,
documentation, code and other content submitted to this project to the
sole ownership of Reid McKenzie as above.
